c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Grid.NET.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Grid.NET.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\obj\Debug\Grid.NET.Infrastructure.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\obj\Debug\Grid.NET.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\npatel1\documents\visual studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\obj\Debug\Grid.NET.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\npatel1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Grid.NET.Infrastructure.dll.config
C:\Users\npatel1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\npatel1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\npatel1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\npatel1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\npatel1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Grid.NET.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
